Jack: start with acknowledgement of country
What do we like:
    I like riding - bikes good
    A couple weeks ago the ride was a straight downpour but that was also fun - Hespos
    Xmas and New Years - Steph theres no rain
    It's very chill, people don't take it too seriously the way some other cycle groups might
    I like that there has been a lot of new ride leaders (leading ride for the first time) Bre
    I like feeling inspired by other people's bikes, learning what you might do to other peoples' bikes, free mechanic advice (Rosie)
    New friends (Darcy)
    People meeting peope and riding new rides through it, facilitating community (Chad)
    Feels like a core to the broader commmunity, very special to be a part of. It's a nice thing to have something to come to every single week -it's rare in the city, it's rare in adult life to have something you can come to every week and really build relationships with them, so I think it's really beautiful (Dana)
    The thighmaster role has been generally very successful - great to see ownership of the role to be shared. Keen to hear how it can be [changed?] - it's a really easy role and you all should do it - Cam
    You pretty much just do Instagram stories and organise it - Orna
    It has happened pretty regularly and smoothly - Chad
    I like that its quite decentralized, there are implicitly some people who have come a lot and organised things a bit more- but it's not one group and their specific ride.- Darcy
    I like that it's offline, that it's mostly an offline - Max
    I like the word of mouth thing I still think that still works well - Darcy
    The size is good, it's kept it at a fun size. Bike rave's great but it's a totally different thing - Cam
    It's just friends hanging out - Orna 
    It feels like a sustainable thing because of the way that it's spreads and the way people come and go, it feels natural and easy - Cam
    The location repeating is a very important aspect - in Berlin it was the same thing but we changed it to dynamic locations but that made it harder to actually communicate the ride so I think the [same location start] is good - Max
What we don't like:
  [issue]  We have issues keeping people together and also not choosing appropriate routes if there's 40 people coming - Adam
        -Hard to plan for that because you don't know how many people will show up
        [solution] maybe we can have multiple leaders (dana) or having a clear end point that many people know and if you choose a slightly different route that's okay (Orna)- we used to split up between restaurants and pubs pretty often actually
            maybe we can buddy up - so we don't lose people (Dana)
            It doesn't have to be a super formal thing - people who come often enough will organise this (Bre)
            I do think having - if it gets over 30 or 35 that probably feels like the right threshold - the ride leader should tell 2 others the route as they're not generally that complicated - and be really clear about the endpoint - in the same way we could get better at having a regular spiel so that everyone know who the corner and ass characters are. We could factor that into a regular part of the announcement (Cam) 
            Lu was talking about having a more formalized script for the announcement - we need an ass / we need corners - maybe we can write it down somewhere - here's the things you need to know if you are running a really big ride (Jack) 
            Sometimes people will get up on the table and say 'we're going somewhere....ish' - which is fine if it's 10 people but not so much a big ride (Adam)
            Maybe if it's worth it we could have the leader share the live location (Hamish)
            Whoever is the ass should have the leader - i.e. facebook live location (Hamish)
            I would be interested in better walkie talkies - when we had them we felt that they would be useful (Cam)
        [action] Chad - walkie talkies. Having clear route starts / set opening.Jack will put a script together on his website, list of dot points to cover if you host a ride. Institute it so that the thighmaster makes sure that the script is being run through every week - Cam's Thigh Master Master Doc (TMMD).
    [issue] I do think one important topic is the topic of inclusion - what I'm specifically thinking about is gender - race and ethnicity as well, cycling is a sort of a white male dominated space. with the exception of artistic cycling. i do think the ride generally does a good job at least in terms of gender - any other cycling space i've seen is worse but that doesn't mean we can't do better and we still do have more men than non-men and we also do have more white people than POC. I have a few ideas of how they could be addressed - maybe I'm interested in hearing from people about challenges they might have had in that space - Cam
        - I can start off by saying for the most part it's awesome, obviously bike culture is very male dominated it's hard to get away from that in any space. As a non-man I've felt very welcome by most people and most rides - sometimes it's just by nature of who shows up - it can feel overwhelmingly dude-dominated and that can feel challenging - I think the nature of the spaces of cycling in general. Sometimes there is some not so nice subtle behavior that is challenging to recognize but yeah - I like generally very very positive experiences but sometimes it does feel a little bit hard in a male dominated space (Dana)
        - I think things I've heard from some women who have not come back or have not wanted to come in the first place - not great comments and things like - maybe that's something that we could do a better job of calling out. Something else is also the actual safety of the rides - in terms of road safety (Bre)
        - I wonder if people have thoughts about how we can deal with that - people might find it difficult to call it out. Is that something maybe the role of the Thigh Master? It would be good to be able to find out - it would be good to a support plan (Darcy)
        - I think it's like the active bystander - it might be that your experience might be heard more than the person experiencing the harassment - it's your job to stand up (Rosie)
        - I was talking to Lu about this idea - sort of around this - we don't necessarily have to disinvite anyone but it's a good idea to call shit out when you see it and do be firm when you see it. You don't need to ban anyone from coming but if you tell someone to do something and they don't want to do it (Orna)
        - I think it would be helpful to have someone you can go back to - more formalized - if you do have something to - there's someone you can go to that means we have more ability to do something about it (Cam)
        - I think in addition to that idea - in the beginning - maybe saying everyone is on the hook for everyones safety - not just one singular person. Good to introduce to new people in the group - this is the expectation that you will stand up for others etc (Hespos)
        - I think its interesting to hear everyones capacity to go through that - we don't know what people have gone through, what experiences they've had so them standing up might be different from someone else standing up for something. But I do think it's good to have multiple avenues for this - establishes a culture of having people to talk to - there's someone that you can talk to - hey thats not cool. It sort of deters that behaviour etc. (Josh)
        - I feel like having someone - at least if they don't have the ability to do it, someone that can keep it confidential, someone who has the ability (Rosie)
        - Sticking up for someone in that scenario of harassment may make something worse - so having an avenue through which you can discuss with that person how they'd like to address that situation and also the Thigh Master to have support in that as well - might be better. It's less reactive. When things are reactive it can escalate the situation (Josh)
        - Is the most important thing getting heard? Let me know confirm - I hear you - we'll talk about this again, we gotta finish our ride first? Or are you okay to finish the ride so we're not having to deal with it in a situation that's not necessariy set up for that which gives that person an opportunity to reach out to a group with great resources (Josh) I think giving them choice - i.e. if they want to go home, someone to accompany them etc (Rosie) I think just having someone to talk to - or that we have some kind of structure - you could probably come to 5 rides and not know that we have a Thigh Master (Jack) I think the challenging thing is - capacity - if you've worked as a social worker then you've been in those situations before but it's a difficult thing to like at least how we're structured- to kind of like formalize or upskill or make sure it happens in a certain way- I guess there's two ways you could almost do a training around that and make that knowledge shared around widely - the main thing is that the info has been received. the training thing is a bit more complicated - the implementation thing is a bit more difficult especially when we want those conversations to go in a specific way. (Cam) More activity rides in the winter - that are free activities etc (Jack) Maybe forums / skill sharing for conflict resolution / how to make spaces safer for women/non-men (Dorcas) Maybe being sensitive about people turning up new / with less bike skills etc (Rosie/Max) I also feel like there's always been multiple groups within the groups - people who wanna talk about bikes a lot etc and people who don't (Bre) I think it would be cool to screen films etc, featuring a more diverse cast - or have a clearer message about diversity in cycling. I would love to host some of those then you've got something that is fun - not a handwringing speech that people have to do better. We can integrate that stuff into what we're doing it doesn't have to be this outside voice thing (Cam). I think Lu sort of floated the idea - a fundraiser alley cat would be really fun - open call for anyone who would be keen to join for that (Rosie) 
    - [Action] Identifying at the start of the ride, here's who you can talk to (Jack) - probably for ease of corner characters / ass (Cam). Ass is a good one because they're the last one (Hespos) Ass is the problem solver role - not just mechanical. Ass is responsible for the shit (Cam) Could we have something like a resource for the Ass in case of conflict, this is how you should go about it, makes it easy for the information or some avenues for you - which would be very simple stuff (Chad) I think naturally what will happen is that we'll lean on the people we know - and maybe that's okay I kind of thought that would be Thigh Master's role as it's more stable but the Ass is rotational (Bre) If it's a really big ride we will name 3-4 people having a chat anyway (Jack) I'm pretty keen to make the FLINTA space happen, if anyone who would like to join me (Dana)
    - A date to report back - Cam, Rosie, and Josh - the working group. The faciliators. for interpersonal. Cam has more actionable ideas on those fronts. Do we have things that people are thinking specifically (Cam) I've got a couple ideas on how to increase diversity - a general call to action to invite your friends, invite the people you'd like to see (Cam) 
    [issue] I think we have really slow starts - because it turns out so late. If we can push everyone along at the start - it ends up a bit further (Darcy)
    [issue] I wanna route back to the road safety thing - I feel like traffic blocking is important sometimes and obviously depending on the group but I feel like we should actually trafic block and take up space on the road it's a good thing to make sure everyone stays together I like that everyone taking back roads from cars because I hate cars and love bikes (Hespos) What tends to happen if that becomes a policy it can be quite daunting because there can be a lot of anger from drivers, which can create an aggressive vibe- especially if you are new to biking, it's not a chill thing, it might be better to wait as a group (Max) I would push back against the critical mass element of it, which is not what the ride is trying to emulate in any way (
    [issue] 
        - 

[Issue] Food/length of ride/etc (Dorcas) Price/affordability of pub / dinners that acknowledges the diverse socioeconomic situations of everyone (Bre)
	[Thoughts] Put that in the spiel at the start of the ride, length of ride - we want to know there is structure in this that someone knows what’s going on, whatever that sentiment is (Jack) I think winter’s hard and it’s hard and you want to go inside, I feel like often we go to get food or go a pub in winter - I don’t love it but I don’t want to be outside. We can harness our creativity to go to places that are cheap or maybe free - we will still end up at pubs or restaurants sometimes - I feel like people in this group have very different financial means and as an idea to throw out there if you see someone without a meal maybe just buy their meal, maybe mutual aid the group, so that it can make it more viable for everyone to participate (Bre). Once we did go to a pub and I didn’t have money for a meal so I just got a beer - if you’re in that situation then talk to me specifically then we can do something about this (Orna). Just saying that in the rides I organise, the rides are the main event and the food is the afterthought and I want to do more things that are activities in winter so there is something else attached to the ride (Jack) There’s been a few times we’ve brought camp stoves and cooked in a park (Darcy) Doing that somewhere warm… (Bre) We could try and use places that are bike related like The Bower, do film, have food at places like that - we could go Bicycle Garden, we could see if they wanna join up with us have some sort of undercover area inside with them. Maybe that’s mixing things but that’s part of the community (Josh)
		[Action] Having a target of one ride a month that is activity based - film, concept, alley cat, etc - responsibility of the next Thigh Master. We don’t know what attendance will be like in the winter (Jack). 

Thigh Master is not running every ride it’s just making sure the ride happens. During my time in January I just ran half the rides which might be a failure but it was also really wet - I do think it’s important to encourage new people to ride (Jack) Currently it’s a line of succession. 

Birthday rides seem cliquey (Bre)

No birthday rides?? (Jack)
Maybe don’t market it as a birthday ride, just do it since it is your birthday if you want (Jack)
I like birthday rides, it makes me feel included (Zelie)
It’s nice to see someone’s personal touch on the rides (Jack)